Project Complex Armageddon Invasion 2

About:
This is an unofficial edit of the mod Armageddon Invasion 2. All data contained
here uses all or partial data from armageddon2v63.pk3. There is no intention on
my part (Xindage) to steal credit for their work.

Copyright:
I attempted to find the authors but was unsuccessful. My email to CutManMike
was not answered. The original Armageddon2v63 credits are included within the
files of this Github repository in the credits.txt file, which remains intact
for consultation.

Target:
This project aims to fix, improve, and make Armageddon Invasion 2 compatible
with Complex Doom as an add-on for version 27b2. If possible, I also aim to
update the present Armageddon monsters to fit in with the Complex Doom theme,
including brightmaps.

Why Complex Doom:
This mod is widely used in Zandronum multiplayer, and after creating a small
patch to make both mods work together, the players reacted positively. I chose
version 27b2 because it is the most recent version of Complex Doom, which
includes updated features and has less chance of being outdated.

Armageddon Status:
This project seems to have not been in development by the original authors for
years, and a project with such quality is getting old in a bad way. Glitches
have started to appear, and some waves break badly, to the point of soft-locking
the map or crashing the server, such as the Diabolist attack who instant crash
the servers.

Signal 11 Crash:
So far, the Zandronum team has an open ticket on this issue, but I believe I
have found the source of the glitch. The random sphere behavior in Complex Doom
is causing the server to crash. Therefore, for now, this sphere will be banished
from the maps until the Zandronum team finds a solution. Please check
https://zandronum.com/tracker/view.php?id=3415 for more details about this.

About Me:
I'm basically a mapper, and I know enough about Decorate and scripting to
understand and edit them properly.

Thanks:
Thanks to Wario, Moti, CutmanMike, and everyone else involved for creating this
awesome mod.

Release:
There is no stable or beta release of this project yet, but I am working to make
it stable as soon as possible.
